page0.jpg
Elizabeth Butler Elizabeth
page1.jpg
Elizabeth J. "Betty"
page10.jpg
BUTLER Jordan James
page11.jpg
Death date: February
page12.jpg
Kathryn Louise (Nordquist)
page13.jpg
mmyieee ovo LIMITE
page14.jpg
21848.png
Couldn't get name
page15.jpg
Phyllis E. Butler
page16.jpg
Scott Alan Butler
page17.jpg
Shirley Ann Butler
page18.jpg
Stelia Butler Stella
page19.jpg
BUTLER Tryove C.
page2.jpg
Florence M. Butler
page20.jpg
Walter C. Butler
page21.jpg
Willie Butler Thelma
page22.jpg
Willie Butler Thelma
page23.jpg
ere ee ee
page24.jpg
B e utlev
page25.jpg
Death date: September
page26.jpg
; Dougias Butow
page27.jpg
Margaret L. Butow
page28.jpg
AU) a BUTTERBAUGH
page29.jpg
Caroline Butterfield Caroline
page3.jpg
Fred Butler Fred
page30.jpg
WVVIVIGS A, Butterfield
page31.jpg
“Edwina, i 112
page32.jpg
wats oll 43
page33.jpg
Larry Butterfield 5
page34.jpg
Bill Buttermore William
page35.jpg
Benjamin Buttice March
page36.jpg
Gerald ("Jerry") Dewhurst
page37.jpg
Earl L. Buttorff
page38.jpg
hg Yi, F0/2
page39.jpg
purrorFF DEC 2
page4.jpg
Glendoris G Butler
page40.jpg
Burrorrr DEC 2
page41.jpg
Ann Butts Ann
page42.jpg
\ David Baxter
page43.jpg
iris Wilma Butts
page44.jpg
Dr. Jerry Lee
page45.jpg
“lra Buiz 4-l4-
page46.jpg
eA Gj FRR-BO-
page47.jpg
Ezra Buxman Ezra
page48.jpg
Helene Buxman Helene
page49.jpg
eo Bf 4
page5.jpg
Harold Sims Butler
page50.jpg
j > 1
page51.jpg
Ramsey Buxman Ramsey
page52.jpg
Julianne Faith Buxton
page53.jpg
erha (Penny) 320°"
page54.jpg
Lieutenant Colonel Robert
page55.jpg
Simona Trinidad “Trini”?
page56.jpg
Ronald E. Bycroft
page57.jpg
The funcral of
page58.jpg
Patricia Byerly _
page59.jpg
Carrol E. Byerrum
page6.jpg
purer NOV 16
page60.jpg
Eimer “Joe” Byers
page61.jpg
BYERS Dr. J.
page62.jpg
Kenneth H. Byers
page63.jpg
Kenneth Hugh Byers
page64.jpg
Lillie Bell Byers
page65.jpg
R. Clive Byers
page66.jpg
Signa Jane Byers
page67.jpg
BYKERK George M.
page68.jpg
Death dafe: October
page69.jpg
Tlene Bykerk Tlene
page7.jpg
Dr. Jack Butler
page70.jpg
Tene Bykerk Tlene
page71.jpg
Leland Bykerk Born
page72.jpg
Death dates TJonuary
page73.jpg
’ . Leonard.
page74.jpg
MWANUY ADYICL LeRoy
page75.jpg
Martha P. Byler
page76.jpg
Dennis Kenneth Bylina
page77.jpg
Pauline L. Bymaster
page78.jpg
Muton Bynum itt.
page79.jpg
Peggy Bynum, 61,
page8.jpg
Death date: didy
page80.jpg
Berens Byram, 21,
page81.jpg
Donnie Byrd Donnie
page82.jpg
“Woo jedeyo “[eounj1apuatyo
page83.jpg
Catherine Anne Byrne
page84.jpg
22 7o% Clara
page85.jpg
honors from the
page86.jpg
Paul A. Byron
page87.jpg
John Francis Byster
page88.jpg
eland in k
page9.jpg
John Butler’ a